---
layout: post
title: One Question
meta-description:
meta-keywords:
image_path: /uploads/fullsizeoutput_4360.jpeg
categories:
  - travel
  - Life
author: Laura Treganowan
---


<div style="margin: 0in 0in 0.0001pt;"><p>I haven&rsquo;t posted on my blog in forever. But I&rsquo;ve been writing. I write all the time. Mostly incoherent feelings about traveling. Completely unable to gauge whether people would give a shit. I have started a post like this a million times and promptly deleted it for fear of sounding self-absorbed and the &ldquo;look at me I&rsquo;m so worldly&rdquo;. No one told me that your social skills get worse when you come back. The question I&rsquo;ve been asked a million times and fumbled around my answer usually saying something like it was &ldquo;amazing&rdquo; or &ldquo;I can&rsquo;t believe it went by so fast&rdquo;.&nbsp;</p><h3><strong>HOW WAS YOUR TRIP?</strong></h3><p>It was spending the last year carrying toilet paper around in my purse, avoiding squatty potties for fear of peeing on my feet, and unable to drink the tap water. It is legs full of scars from mosquitos. It was not understanding a most of what I hear around me &ndash; ignorance really is bliss.&nbsp;</p><p>It was feeling every. single. emotion deeply &ndash; from extreme loneliness, to the highest happiness, to an overwhelming sense of freedom. It was days where my biggest adventure was the new season of Stranger Things. There is nothing like meeting people from every corner of this world to humble you. Everyone has a story.</p><p>It was watching 5 year olds helping their parents knee deep in rice patties in Northern Vietnam as we paid to trek through their everyday lives. Children selling gum and handmade goods instead of going to school or playing with their friends. I saw more poverty and human exploitation than I did waterfalls.</p><p>It was a bucket list of experiences. Walking through the Northern Thailand jungle with 3 giant elephants to a waterfall where we could bathe them. It was 18m under the sea swimming through a school of fish. Letting lanterns float in the sky as we kissed 2016 goodbye and said hello to this year. Getting a tattoo in a bar in Bali #sorrymom. But all of it not complete without a bout of Asian food poisoning and too many trips to 7/11.</p><p>It was a heart ache and perpetual sadness about the not so distant wars, prisons, and genocides all somehow juxtaposed with a with happy pizza and pub crawls. &nbsp;</p><p>It was traveling with my best friends in 3 countries for 3 months, laughing until we cried, dancing on tables, full moons, no pants, endless stories, and too many memories that could never be captured in a picture. It was drinking alcohol out of a bucket more than you drink out of a proper glass. It was mostly hoping that Al didn&rsquo;t murder the 3 girls he was forced to travel with. <br />It was to catching on to some interesting accents &ndash; keen for a boogie anyone? It was knowing someone&rsquo;s travel plans, life story, and dreams before you ever know their name.</p><p>It was being asked about Trump constantly and then secretly happy that you&rsquo;ve been abroad for his first year in office but also feeling somewhat helpless. It was realizing that every country has its orange Cheetos in its closet.</p><p>It was accepting that you will always be sweaty, never smell good, and never have cute hair &ndash; and sometimes extremely grumpy about it. Not getting enough sleep because the strange old woman in your hostel is snoring and waking up wondering if that Asian kid ever gets out of his bunk?</p><p>It was fearing for my life pretty much every time I got on a scooter or a bus. It was laughing through language barriers and being an advocate for honking and yelling at people.</p><p>As for some of the people you meet along the way&hellip;&nbsp;</p><p>Penchan &ndash; my neighbor, a Buddhist Nun to go to a Monks birthday party, driving 3 hours to the temple, only to end up missing the party and driving straight home on a school night.&nbsp;</p><p>Lisa &ndash; an incredible healer and American woman that has dedicated her life to educating and reintegrating Burmese refugees in Northern Thailand.&nbsp;</p><p>Crystal Deva a.k.a Dave &ndash; your friendly neighborhood shaman that you somehow run into all over Thailand and you are unsure what dimension you are in.&nbsp;</p><p>The Ice&rsquo;s, Ping Pong, Beams, and all the kids named after a fruit &ndash; It was teaching about mitochondria and ribosomes before they can even say &ldquo;How are you&rdquo; because #education.</p><p>Phat &ndash; a 30th birthday party that we stumbled upon in the woods on the Perfume River. Beer, laughter, and singing Justin Bieber karaoke were things we understood about each other.</p><p>To so many more that I met along the way, weather it was 5 minutes, or throughout multiple countries, to the lifelong friendships. My year abroad wouldn&rsquo;t have been the same without my people. AWWWW!!!&nbsp;</p><p>It was most of all listening to my heart. Letting it take me on some crazy path for a year and eventually listening to it tell me to come home.&nbsp;</p><p>What&rsquo;s that, heart? Oh - you want to move to Spain?</p><p><br />.... just kidding.</p><p>Kind of.&nbsp;<br />&nbsp;</p></div>